samples: bluetooth: Add configuration for Thingy53 in mesh light sample (#5211)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/light/README.rst

The mesh light sample is a Generic OnOff Server with a provisionee role in a mesh network.
There can be one or more servers in the network, for example light bulbs.

The sample instantiates up to four instances of the Generic OnOff Server model for controlling LEDs.

> Number of OnOff Server instances depends on available, on board, LEDs.

Reviewer: Number of LEDs defined in board's DTS ?

Author: ``` suggestion
Number of OnOff Server instances depends on available, on number of LEDs defined in board's DTS file.
```
?

> Number of OnOff Server instances depends on available LEDs, defined in board DTS file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The number of OnOff Server instances depends on available LEDs, as defined in board DTS file.
```

Author: Fixed.

   Gen. OnOff Server
   =================  =================  =================  =================

.. note::

>    When used with :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340`, Element 4 is not available.

Reviewer: Maybe inform that Thingy:53 supports only one RGB LEDs.
I would also state that RGB channels are used as "separate LEDs" (we mentioned that in other samples already).

   Gen. OnOff Server
   =================  =================  =================  =================

.. note::
   When used with :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340`, Element 4 is not available.

>    :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` supports only one RGB LED.
>    Each RGB LED channel is used as separate LED.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` supports only one RGB LED, and treats each RGB LED channel as a separate LED.
```

Author: Fixed.

The models are used for the following purposes:

> * :ref:`bt_mesh_onoff_srv_readme` instances in elements 1 to N each control LEDs 1 to N, respectively, where N is number of on board LEDs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :ref:`bt_mesh_onoff_srv_readme` instances in elements 1 to N, where N is number of on board LEDs, each control LEDs 1 to N, respectively.
```

Author: Fixed.

This sample is split into the following source files:

> * :file:`main.c` - used to handle initialization.
> * :file:`model_handler.c` - used to handle mesh models.
> * :file:`thingy53.c` - Compiled only when the sample is build for :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` board.
>   Used to handle preinitialization of the :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` board.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :file:`main.c` used to handle initialization.
* :file:`model_handler.c` used to handle mesh models.
* :file:`thingy53.c` used to handle preinitialization of the :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` board.
  Only compiled when the sample is built for the :ref:`zephyr:thingy53_nrf5340` board.
```
The capitalization was inconsistent, and the hyphens weren't really needed. 
Changing the order of the two sentences for `thingy53.c` makes that bullet point more consistent with the other two.

Author: Did same for the other sample too.
